vod/add-a-thumbnail-to-your-video.md, before:

---
title: "Add a thumbnail to your video"
---
Add A Thumbnail To Your Video
=============================

For videos or recorded live streams, api.video offers you two ways to add a thumbnail:

- Upload an image as a thumbnail
- Choose a timecode in your video and use that as the thumbnail 

This guide walks you through both methods for setting up a thumbnail for videos. 

{% capture content %}
If you want to add a thumbnail to a live stream, the only available method is to upload a picture you choose. You can read more about this in the [Add or delete a live stream thumbnail](/live-streaming/add-or-delete-a-live-stream-thumbnail) guide.
{% endcapture %}
{% include "_partials/callout.html" kind: "info", content: content %}

## API documentation

- [Upload a thumbnail](/reference/api/Videos#upload-a-thumbnail)
- [Pick a thumbnail](/reference/api/Videos#set-a-thumbnail)

## Upload a thumbnail

You have the option to choose a photo that's in `.jpg`, `.png`, or `.webp` format. It must be 8MB or smaller. To send your file, add the path to where it's stored and open it in binary. Then you can upload it with the client of your choice or see how it works with cURL. 

{% capture samples %}
```curl
curl --request POST \
     --url https://ws.api.video/videos/vi61tikT4GAAB29KehMKyqX3/thumbnail \
     --header 'Accept: application/json' \
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiJ9.eyJpYXQiOjE2NDI1NDk1NjAuMDE5ODA0LCJuYmYiOjE2NDI1NDk1NjAuMDE5ODA0LCJleHAiOjE2NDI1NTMxNjAuMDE5ODA0LCJwcm9qZWN0SWQiOiJwclJ6SUpKQTdCTHNxSGpTNDVLVnBCMSJ9.jjr4YADGbe62RmBBxJXLy1D61Mtfry_dq9nbriBXgkPrdlBJ8ZRP50CyW3AsGD7wSuKp2mXxEYSzj64zelT1IGOwg6KG4Gz9BZ9YWs0GAHKUIdgqn1gzITX5aQljIXx1fquXbawd-axBTi4icmaUjgXjfnyIcWOgHd2D8A3kpKiqiMmluh58JdnwPnH0OyVk0Rk824P0PI6SxfiTHfkCglPL6ixf9OgokMLPoVrsxH5C0xt3Z7lf5TJ0F78-JY-yTKvyaTTIfI6CFOMNaZUlMtgQwq8X93_2FA65Ntw3hdDML8gFKkLUxnBAtZMo9WAjUd30G4OcYasmlkc4Q_JSNw' \
     --header 'Content-Type: multipart/form-data' \
     --form file=@pic.jpg
```
```go
package main

import (
    "context"
    "fmt"
    "os"
    apivideosdk "github.com/apivideo/api.video-go-client"
)

func main() {
    client := apivideosdk.ClientBuilder("YOUR_API_TOKEN").Build()
    // if you rather like to use the sandbox environment:
    // client := apivideosdk.SandboxClientBuilder("YOU_SANDBOX_API_TOKEN").Build()
        
    videoId := "videoId_example" // string | Unique identifier of the chosen video 
    file := os.NewFile(1234, "some_file") // *os.File | The .jpg image to be added as a thumbnail.

    
    res, err := client.Videos.UploadThumbnailFile(videoId, file)

    // you can also use a Reader instead of a File:
    // client.Videos.UploadThumbnail(videoId, fileName, fileReader)

    if err != nil {
        fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `Videos.UploadThumbnail``: %v\n", err)
    }
    // response from `UploadThumbnail`: Video
    fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `Videos.UploadThumbnail`: %v\n", res)
}
```
```php
<?php
require __DIR__ .'/vendor/autoload.php';

use Symfony\Component\HttpClient\Psr18Client;
use ApiVideo\Client\Client;
use ApiVideo\Client\Model\VideosApi;
use ApiVideo\Client\Model\UploadTokensApi;
$apiKey = 'your API key here';
$apiVideoEndpoint = 'https://ws.api.video';

$httpClient = new \Symfony\Component\HttpClient\Psr18Client();
$client = new ApiVideo\Client\Client(
    $apiVideoEndpoint,
    $apiKey,
    $httpClient
);

$payload = (new \ApiVideo\Client\Model\VideoThumbnailPickPayload())->setTimecode('00:01:00.000');
$videos = $client->videos()->uploadThumbnail('vi6tQSoof7aXoHSpeCh1z4m1', new SplFileObject('logo_orange.png'));
print($videos);
```
```javascript
const ApiVideoClient = require('@api.video/nodejs-client');

(async () => {
    try {
        const client = new ApiVideoClient({ apiKey: "YOUR_API_TOKEN" });

        const videoId = 'videoId_example'; // Unique identifier of the chosen video 
        const file = 'BINARY_DATA_HERE'; // The .jpg image to be added as a thumbnail.

        // Video
        const result = await client.videos.uploadThumbnail(videoId, file);
        console.log(result);
    } catch (e) {
        console.error(e);
    }
})();
```
```python
## Upload an image as a thumbnail for your video
import apivideo
from apivideo.apis import VideosApi
from apivideo.exceptions import ApiAuthException

## Set variables, you need the video ID for the video you want to add a thumbnail to.
api_key = "your api key here"
video_id = "your video ID here"

## Open the file you want to use as the thumbnail in binary format. Your image must
## have an extension that is one of these: jpeg, jpg, JPG, JPEG 
file = open("your jpg", "rb")

## Authenticate and set up your client 
client = apivideo.AuthenticatedApiClient(api_key)

client.connect()

videos_api = VideosApi(client)

## Send the thumbnail and video ID to API video. The thumbnail is added to the video associated with the ID 
## you provide. You can check on your dashboard to make sure the thumbnail was added. 

response = videos_api.upload_thumbnail(video_id, file)
print(response)
```
{% endcapture %}
{% include "_partials/code-tabs.md" samples: samples %}

## Pick a thumbnail

If you don't want to create a custom thumbnail image for your video, you can select one from the video itself. All you need to do is choose the timecode to the frame you want to be the thumbnail. The format is ISO 8601, and represents - HH:MM:SS:mm - hours, minutes, seconds, milliseconds.

{% capture samples %}
```curl
curl --request PATCH \
     --url https://ws.api.video/videos/viZxSTFgXZVjFnFCUo363Ie/thumbnail \
     --header 'Accept: application/json' \
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiJ9.eyJpYXQiOjE2NDI1NDk1NjAuMDE5ODA0LCJuYmYiOjE2NDI1NDk1NjAuMDE5ODA0LCJleHAiOjE2NDI1NTMxNjAuMDE5ODA0LCJwcm9qZWN0SWQiOiJwclJ6SUpKQTdCTHNxSGpTNDVLVnBCMSJ9.jjr4YADGbe62RmBBxJXLy1D61Mtfry_dq9nbriBXgkPrdlBJ8ZRP50CyW3AsGD7wSuKp2mXxEYSzj64zelT1IGOwg6KG4Gz9BZ9YWs0GAHKUIdgqn1gzITX5aQljIXx1fquXbawd-axBTi4icmaUjgXjfnyIcWOgHd2D8A3kpKiqiMmluh58JdnwPnH0OyVk0Rk824P0PI6SxfiTHfkCglPL6ixf9OgokMLPoVrsxH5C0xt3Z7lf5TJ0F78-JY-yTKvyaTTIfI6CFOMNaZUlMtgQwq8X93_2FA65Ntw3hdDML8gFKkLUxnBAtZMo9WAjUd30G4OcYasmlkc4Q_JSNw' \
     --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
     --data '
{
     "timecode": "00:00:00.000"
}
'
```
```go
package main

import (
    "context"
    "fmt"
    "os"
    apivideosdk "github.com/apivideo/api.video-go-client"
)

func main() {
    client := apivideosdk.ClientBuilder("YOUR_API_TOKEN").Build()
    // if you rather like to use the sandbox environment:
    // client := apivideosdk.SandboxClientBuilder("YOU_SANDBOX_API_TOKEN").Build()
        
    videoId := "vi4k0jvEUuaTdRAEjQ4Jfrgz" // string | Unique identifier of the video you want to add a thumbnail to, where you use a section of your video as the thumbnail.
    videoThumbnailPickPayload := *apivideosdk.NewVideoThumbnailPickPayload("Timecode_example") // VideoThumbnailPickPayload | 

    
    res, err := client.Videos.PickThumbnail(videoId, videoThumbnailPickPayload)

    if err != nil {
        fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `Videos.PickThumbnail``: %v\n", err)
    }
    // response from `PickThumbnail`: Video
    fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `Videos.PickThumbnail`: %v\n", res)
}
```
```php
use Symfony\Component\HttpClient\Psr18Client;
use ApiVideo\Client\Client;
use ApiVideo\Client\Model\VideosApi;
use ApiVideo\Client\Model\UploadTokensApi;
$apiKey = 'your API key';
$apiVideoEndpoint = 'https://ws.api.video';

$httpClient = new \Symfony\Component\HttpClient\Psr18Client();
$client = new ApiVideo\Client\Client(
    $apiVideoEndpoint,
    $apiKey,
    $httpClient
);

$payload = (new \ApiVideo\Client\Model\VideoThumbnailPickPayload())->setTimecode('00:01:00.000');
$videos = $client->videos()->pickThumbnail('vi6tQSoof7aXoHSpeCh1z4m1', $payload);
print($videos);
```
```javascript
const ApiVideoClient = require('@api.video/nodejs-client');

(async () => {
    try {
        const client = new ApiVideoClient({ apiKey: "YOUR_API_TOKEN" });

        const videoId = 'vi4k0jvEUuaTdRAEjQ4Jfrgz'; // Unique identifier of the video you want to add a thumbnail to, where you use a section of your video as the thumbnail.
        const videoThumbnailPickPayload = {
			timecode: "timecode_example", // Frame in video to be used as a placeholder before the video plays.  Example: '\"00:01:00.000\" for 1 minute into the video.' Valid Patterns:  \"hh:mm:ss.ms\" \"hh:mm:ss:frameNumber\" \"124\" (integer value is reported as seconds)  If selection is out of range, \"00:00:00.00\" will be chosen.
		}; 

        // Video
        const result = await client.videos.pickThumbnail(videoId, videoThumbnailPickPayload);
        console.log(result);
    } catch (e) {
        console.error(e);
    }
})();
```
```python
## Pick a thumbnail from your video's timeline to use instead of uploading an image
import apivideo
from apivideo.apis import VideosApi
from apivideo.exceptions import ApiAuthException

## Set variables, you need the video ID for the video you want to add a thumbnail to.
api_key = "your api key here"
video_id = "video ID for video to pick thumbnail for here"

client = apivideo.AuthenticatedApiClient(api_key)

## If you'd rather use the sandbox environment:
## client = apivideo.AuthenticatedApiClient(api_key, production=False)

client.connect()

videos_api = VideosApi(client)

## Choose a time from your video to use as the thumbnail. 
video_thumbnail_pick_payload = {
    "timecode": "00:00:10:000"
}

response = videos_api.pick_thumbnail(video_id, video_thumbnail_pick_payload)
print(response)
```
{% endcapture %}
{% include "_partials/code-tabs.md" samples: samples %}

## Add a thumbnail from the dashboard

api.video also makes it possible for you to add a thumbnail from the dashboard. Both choices discussed in this guide are available here too - Timestamp and Upload image. 

![](/_assets/add-thumbnail.png)

To get to the area to add a thumbnail in the dashboard: 

1. Choose a video by clicking on its title from your list of videos. 

2. Click **See details.**

3. To add a frame from the video, click **Timestamp**. Enter the timestamp for the frame you want as the thumbnail in the field. Represent it as HH:MM:SS (hours, minutes, seconds). Click **Set**.

4. If you're adding an image, the same constraints apply as they do when you use the API. Click **Upload image**. Then click on the display for the video under **Upload image**. You'll be able to browse and upload. Alternatively, you can drag and drop a photo onto the video, and that will trigger an upload as well.

## Conclusion

There are two ways to add thumbnails - adding an image or choosing a frame from the video. Adding an image as the thumbnail is great if you want to do special branding for your video, or other elements.

Commit message:

Add missing image alt tags

vod/add-a-thumbnail-to-your-video.md, after:

---
title: "Add a thumbnail to your video"
---
Add A Thumbnail To Your Video
=============================

For videos or recorded live streams, api.video offers you two ways to add a thumbnail:

- Upload an image as a thumbnail
- Choose a timecode in your video and use that as the thumbnail 

This guide walks you through both methods for setting up a thumbnail for videos. 

{% capture content %}
If you want to add a thumbnail to a live stream, the only available method is to upload a picture you choose. You can read more about this in the [Add or delete a live stream thumbnail](/live-streaming/add-or-delete-a-live-stream-thumbnail) guide.
{% endcapture %}
{% include "_partials/callout.html" kind: "info", content: content %}

## API documentation

- [Upload a thumbnail](/reference/api/Videos#upload-a-thumbnail)
- [Pick a thumbnail](/reference/api/Videos#set-a-thumbnail)

## Upload a thumbnail

You have the option to choose a photo that's in `.jpg`, `.png`, or `.webp` format. It must be 8MB or smaller. To send your file, add the path to where it's stored and open it in binary. Then you can upload it with the client of your choice or see how it works with cURL. 

{% capture samples %}
```curl
curl --request POST \
     --url https://ws.api.video/videos/vi61tikT4GAAB29KehMKyqX3/thumbnail \
     --header 'Accept: application/json' \
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiJ9.eyJpYXQiOjE2NDI1NDk1NjAuMDE5ODA0LCJuYmYiOjE2NDI1NDk1NjAuMDE5ODA0LCJleHAiOjE2NDI1NTMxNjAuMDE5ODA0LCJwcm9qZWN0SWQiOiJwclJ6SUpKQTdCTHNxSGpTNDVLVnBCMSJ9.jjr4YADGbe62RmBBxJXLy1D61Mtfry_dq9nbriBXgkPrdlBJ8ZRP50CyW3AsGD7wSuKp2mXxEYSzj64zelT1IGOwg6KG4Gz9BZ9YWs0GAHKUIdgqn1gzITX5aQljIXx1fquXbawd-axBTi4icmaUjgXjfnyIcWOgHd2D8A3kpKiqiMmluh58JdnwPnH0OyVk0Rk824P0PI6SxfiTHfkCglPL6ixf9OgokMLPoVrsxH5C0xt3Z7lf5TJ0F78-JY-yTKvyaTTIfI6CFOMNaZUlMtgQwq8X93_2FA65Ntw3hdDML8gFKkLUxnBAtZMo9WAjUd30G4OcYasmlkc4Q_JSNw' \
     --header 'Content-Type: multipart/form-data' \
     --form file=@pic.jpg
```
```go
package main

import (
    "context"
    "fmt"
    "os"
    apivideosdk "github.com/apivideo/api.video-go-client"
)

func main() {
    client := apivideosdk.ClientBuilder("YOUR_API_TOKEN").Build()
    // if you rather like to use the sandbox environment:
    // client := apivideosdk.SandboxClientBuilder("YOU_SANDBOX_API_TOKEN").Build()
        
    videoId := "videoId_example" // string | Unique identifier of the chosen video 
    file := os.NewFile(1234, "some_file") // *os.File | The .jpg image to be added as a thumbnail.

    
    res, err := client.Videos.UploadThumbnailFile(videoId, file)

    // you can also use a Reader instead of a File:
    // client.Videos.UploadThumbnail(videoId, fileName, fileReader)

    if err != nil {
        fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `Videos.UploadThumbnail``: %v\n", err)
    }
    // response from `UploadThumbnail`: Video
    fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `Videos.UploadThumbnail`: %v\n", res)
}
```
```php
<?php
require __DIR__ .'/vendor/autoload.php';

use Symfony\Component\HttpClient\Psr18Client;
use ApiVideo\Client\Client;
use ApiVideo\Client\Model\VideosApi;
use ApiVideo\Client\Model\UploadTokensApi;
$apiKey = 'your API key here';
$apiVideoEndpoint = 'https://ws.api.video';

$httpClient = new \Symfony\Component\HttpClient\Psr18Client();
$client = new ApiVideo\Client\Client(
    $apiVideoEndpoint,
    $apiKey,
    $httpClient
);

$payload = (new \ApiVideo\Client\Model\VideoThumbnailPickPayload())->setTimecode('00:01:00.000');
$videos = $client->videos()->uploadThumbnail('vi6tQSoof7aXoHSpeCh1z4m1', new SplFileObject('logo_orange.png'));
print($videos);
```
```javascript
const ApiVideoClient = require('@api.video/nodejs-client');

(async () => {
    try {
        const client = new ApiVideoClient({ apiKey: "YOUR_API_TOKEN" });

        const videoId = 'videoId_example'; // Unique identifier of the chosen video 
        const file = 'BINARY_DATA_HERE'; // The .jpg image to be added as a thumbnail.

        // Video
        const result = await client.videos.uploadThumbnail(videoId, file);
        console.log(result);
    } catch (e) {
        console.error(e);
    }
})();
```
```python
## Upload an image as a thumbnail for your video
import apivideo
from apivideo.apis import VideosApi
from apivideo.exceptions import ApiAuthException

## Set variables, you need the video ID for the video you want to add a thumbnail to.
api_key = "your api key here"
video_id = "your video ID here"

## Open the file you want to use as the thumbnail in binary format. Your image must
## have an extension that is one of these: jpeg, jpg, JPG, JPEG 
file = open("your jpg", "rb")

## Authenticate and set up your client 
client = apivideo.AuthenticatedApiClient(api_key)

client.connect()

videos_api = VideosApi(client)

## Send the thumbnail and video ID to API video. The thumbnail is added to the video associated with the ID 
## you provide. You can check on your dashboard to make sure the thumbnail was added. 

response = videos_api.upload_thumbnail(video_id, file)
print(response)
```
{% endcapture %}
{% include "_partials/code-tabs.md" samples: samples %}

## Pick a thumbnail

If you don't want to create a custom thumbnail image for your video, you can select one from the video itself. All you need to do is choose the timecode to the frame you want to be the thumbnail. The format is ISO 8601, and represents - HH:MM:SS:mm - hours, minutes, seconds, milliseconds.

{% capture samples %}
```curl
curl --request PATCH \
     --url https://ws.api.video/videos/viZxSTFgXZVjFnFCUo363Ie/thumbnail \
     --header 'Accept: application/json' \
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiJ9.eyJpYXQiOjE2NDI1NDk1NjAuMDE5ODA0LCJuYmYiOjE2NDI1NDk1NjAuMDE5ODA0LCJleHAiOjE2NDI1NTMxNjAuMDE5ODA0LCJwcm9qZWN0SWQiOiJwclJ6SUpKQTdCTHNxSGpTNDVLVnBCMSJ9.jjr4YADGbe62RmBBxJXLy1D61Mtfry_dq9nbriBXgkPrdlBJ8ZRP50CyW3AsGD7wSuKp2mXxEYSzj64zelT1IGOwg6KG4Gz9BZ9YWs0GAHKUIdgqn1gzITX5aQljIXx1fquXbawd-axBTi4icmaUjgXjfnyIcWOgHd2D8A3kpKiqiMmluh58JdnwPnH0OyVk0Rk824P0PI6SxfiTHfkCglPL6ixf9OgokMLPoVrsxH5C0xt3Z7lf5TJ0F78-JY-yTKvyaTTIfI6CFOMNaZUlMtgQwq8X93_2FA65Ntw3hdDML8gFKkLUxnBAtZMo9WAjUd30G4OcYasmlkc4Q_JSNw' \
     --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
     --data '
{
     "timecode": "00:00:00.000"
}
'
```
```go
package main

import (
    "context"
    "fmt"
    "os"
    apivideosdk "github.com/apivideo/api.video-go-client"
)

func main() {
    client := apivideosdk.ClientBuilder("YOUR_API_TOKEN").Build()
    // if you rather like to use the sandbox environment:
    // client := apivideosdk.SandboxClientBuilder("YOU_SANDBOX_API_TOKEN").Build()
        
    videoId := "vi4k0jvEUuaTdRAEjQ4Jfrgz" // string | Unique identifier of the video you want to add a thumbnail to, where you use a section of your video as the thumbnail.
    videoThumbnailPickPayload := *apivideosdk.NewVideoThumbnailPickPayload("Timecode_example") // VideoThumbnailPickPayload | 

    
    res, err := client.Videos.PickThumbnail(videoId, videoThumbnailPickPayload)

    if err != nil {
        fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `Videos.PickThumbnail``: %v\n", err)
    }
    // response from `PickThumbnail`: Video
    fmt.Fprintf(os.Stdout, "Response from `Videos.PickThumbnail`: %v\n", res)
}
```
```php
use Symfony\Component\HttpClient\Psr18Client;
use ApiVideo\Client\Client;
use ApiVideo\Client\Model\VideosApi;
use ApiVideo\Client\Model\UploadTokensApi;
$apiKey = 'your API key';
$apiVideoEndpoint = 'https://ws.api.video';

$httpClient = new \Symfony\Component\HttpClient\Psr18Client();
$client = new ApiVideo\Client\Client(
    $apiVideoEndpoint,
    $apiKey,
    $httpClient
);

$payload = (new \ApiVideo\Client\Model\VideoThumbnailPickPayload())->setTimecode('00:01:00.000');
$videos = $client->videos()->pickThumbnail('vi6tQSoof7aXoHSpeCh1z4m1', $payload);
print($videos);
```
```javascript
const ApiVideoClient = require('@api.video/nodejs-client');

(async () => {
    try {
        const client = new ApiVideoClient({ apiKey: "YOUR_API_TOKEN" });

        const videoId = 'vi4k0jvEUuaTdRAEjQ4Jfrgz'; // Unique identifier of the video you want to add a thumbnail to, where you use a section of your video as the thumbnail.
        const videoThumbnailPickPayload = {
			timecode: "timecode_example", // Frame in video to be used as a placeholder before the video plays.  Example: '\"00:01:00.000\" for 1 minute into the video.' Valid Patterns:  \"hh:mm:ss.ms\" \"hh:mm:ss:frameNumber\" \"124\" (integer value is reported as seconds)  If selection is out of range, \"00:00:00.00\" will be chosen.
		}; 

        // Video
        const result = await client.videos.pickThumbnail(videoId, videoThumbnailPickPayload);
        console.log(result);
    } catch (e) {
        console.error(e);
    }
})();
```
```python
## Pick a thumbnail from your video's timeline to use instead of uploading an image
import apivideo
from apivideo.apis import VideosApi
from apivideo.exceptions import ApiAuthException

## Set variables, you need the video ID for the video you want to add a thumbnail to.
api_key = "your api key here"
video_id = "video ID for video to pick thumbnail for here"

client = apivideo.AuthenticatedApiClient(api_key)

## If you'd rather use the sandbox environment:
## client = apivideo.AuthenticatedApiClient(api_key, production=False)

client.connect()

videos_api = VideosApi(client)

## Choose a time from your video to use as the thumbnail. 
video_thumbnail_pick_payload = {
    "timecode": "00:00:10:000"
}

response = videos_api.pick_thumbnail(video_id, video_thumbnail_pick_payload)
print(response)
```
{% endcapture %}
{% include "_partials/code-tabs.md" samples: samples %}

## Add a thumbnail from the dashboard

api.video also makes it possible for you to add a thumbnail from the dashboard. Both choices discussed in this guide are available here too - Timestamp and Upload image. 

![Adding a timestamp or uploading an image as a thumbnail](/_assets/add-thumbnail.png)

To get to the area to add a thumbnail in the dashboard: 

1. Choose a video by clicking on its title from your list of videos. 

2. Click **See details.**

3. To add a frame from the video, click **Timestamp**. Enter the timestamp for the frame you want as the thumbnail in the field. Represent it as HH:MM:SS (hours, minutes, seconds). Click **Set**.

4. If you're adding an image, the same constraints apply as they do when you use the API. Click **Upload image**. Then click on the display for the video under **Upload image**. You'll be able to browse and upload. Alternatively, you can drag and drop a photo onto the video, and that will trigger an upload as well.

## Conclusion

There are two ways to add thumbnails - adding an image or choosing a frame from the video. Adding an image as the thumbnail is great if you want to do special branding for your video, or other elements.
