vod/delete-a-video.md, before:

---
title: Delete a video
meta:
    description: This guide walks you through the different ways of manually and programmatically removing videos and introduces the Video Restore feature.
---

# Delete A Video

This guide walks you through the different ways of manually and programmatically removing videos and introduces the Video Restore feature.

## API documentation

- [Delete a video](/reference/api/Videos#delete-a-video-object)

## Delete a video via API

1. Retrieve the video ID for the video you want to delete. You can do this by [listing your videos](/reference/api/Videos#list-all-video-objects), or you can look in your dashboard to find the ID of the video you want to delete.

2. Send a delete request to api.video containing the ID for the video you want to delete.

<CodeSelect title="Deleting a video">
```curl
curl --request DELETE \
     --url https://ws.api.video/videos/viZxSTFgXZVjFnFCUo363Ie \
     --header 'Accept: application/json' \
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiJ9.eyJpYXQiOjE2NDI1NDk1NjAuMDE5ODA0LCJuYmYiOjE2NDI1NDk1NjAuMDE5ODA0LCJleHAiOjE2NDI1NTMxNjAuMDE5ODA0LCJwcm9qZWN0SWQiOiJwclJ6SUpKQTdCTHNxSGpTNDVLVnBCMSJ9.jjr4YADGbe62RmBBxJXLy1D61Mtfry_dq9nbriBXgkPrdlBJ8ZRP50CyW3AsGD7wSuKp2mXxEYSzj64zelT1IGOwg6KG4Gz9BZ9YWs0GAHKUIdgqn1gzITX5aQljIXx1fquXbawd-axBTi4icmaUjgXjfnyIcWOgHd2D8A3kpKiqiMmluh58JdnwPnH0OyVk0Rk824P0PI6SxfiTHfkCglPL6ixf9OgokMLPoVrsxH5C0xt3Z7lf5TJ0F78-JY-yTKvyaTTIfI6CFOMNaZUlMtgQwq8X93_2FA65Ntw3hdDML8gFKkLUxnBAtZMo9WAjUd30G4OcYasmlkc4Q_JSNw'
```
```go
package main

import (
    "context"
    "fmt"
    "os"
    apivideosdk "github.com/apivideo/api.video-go-client"
)

func main() {
    client := apivideosdk.ClientBuilder("YOUR_API_TOKEN").Build()
    // if you rather like to use the sandbox environment:
    // client := apivideosdk.SandboxClientBuilder("YOU_SANDBOX_API_TOKEN").Build()
        
    videoId := "vi4k0jvEUuaTdRAEjQ4Jfrgz" // string | The video ID for the video you want to delete.

    
    err := client.Videos.Delete(videoId)

    if err != nil {
        fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `Videos.Delete``: %v\n", err)
    }
}
```
```php
<?php
require __DIR__ .'/vendor/autoload.php';

use Symfony\Component\HttpClient\Psr18Client;
use ApiVideo\Client\Client;
use ApiVideo\Client\Model\VideosApi;

$apiKey = 'your API key here';
$apiVideoEndpoint = 'https://ws.api.video';

$httpClient = new \Symfony\Component\HttpClient\Psr18Client();
$client = new ApiVideo\Client\Client(
    $apiVideoEndpoint,
    $apiKey,
    $httpClient
);

$videos = $client->videos()->delete('video ID here');
```
```javascript
const ApiVideoClient = require('@api.video/nodejs-client');

(async () => {
    try {
        const client = new ApiVideoClient({ apiKey: "YOUR_API_TOKEN" });

        const videoId = 'vi4k0jvEUuaTdRAEjQ4Jfrgz'; // The video ID for the video you want to delete.

        // void
        const result = await client.videos.delete(videoId);
        console.log(result);
    } catch (e) {
        console.error(e);
    }
})();
```
```python
## Delete a video using its video ID
import apivideo
from apivideo.apis import VideosApi
from apivideo.exceptions import ApiAuthException

api_key = "your api key here"

client = apivideo.AuthenticatedApiClient(api_key)

## If you'd rather use the sandbox environment:
## client = apivideo.AuthenticatedApiClient(api_key, production=False)

client.connect()

videos_api = VideosApi(client)

title = "Sample AVI Video"

## List videos that have the exact, unique title you wanted to delete
videos = videos_api.list(title=title)

## Get list of videos out of response object or single item depending on whether you filtered
videos = videos['data']

## In this case, let's assume we know there's only one video with the title we filtered for. 
print(videos[0]['video_id'])
        
## Delete the video
response = videos_api.delete(videos[0]['video_id'])
print(response)
```
</CodeSelect>

## Delete a video in the dashboard

You can delete a video using your dashboard by doing the following:

1. Open your dashboard.

2. From the menu on the left, choose **Videos**.

3. On the Video screen, use the filtering and scrolling features to locate the video you want to delete. Place a checkmark next to one or more videos you want to delete, and push **Delete**.

   ![Showing the list of videos in the Dashboard](/_assets/vod/delete-video.png)

4. Keep in mind that deleted videos can only be restored when you have the Video Restore feature enabled. Otherwise videos are deleted permanently.

5. You can also select the breadcrumbs icon next to each video to open an actions panel where you can select **Delete**.

   ![Showing the action panel on the videos list in the Dashboard](/_assets/vod/delete-video-2.png)


## Restoring deleted videos

By default, deleting a video is a permanent action. To avoid accidents and enable you to restore deleted videos, api.video offers the [Video Restore](https://dashboard.api.video/account-settings/access) feature.

If you have the Video Restore feature enabled, the `DELETE` operation will temporarily remove the video instead of permanently deleting it.

You can restore removed videos both via the API and the dashboard.

### Listing removed videos

You can list removed videos via the API using the `GET /videos` endpoint and the `?removed=true` query parameter. Visit the API reference for more details.

You can also see all your removed videos on the [Archived Videos](https://dashboard.api.video/videos) tab in the dashboard.

### Restoring video via API

You can use the `PATCH` operation to restore a video, with the `removed` body parameter set to `false`:

```curl title="Restoring a video"
curl --request PATCH \
 --url https://ws.api.video/videos/viZxSTFgXZVjFnFCU \
 --header 'Accept: application/json' \
 --header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiJ9.eyJpYXQiOjE2NDI1NDk1NjAuMDE5ODA0LCJuYmYiOjE2NDI1NDk1NjAuMDE5ODA0LCJleHAiOjE2NDI1NTMxNjAuMDE5ODA0LCJwcm9qZWN0SWQiOiJwclJ6SUpKQTdCTHNxSGpTNDVLVnBCMSJ9.jjr4YADGbe62RmBBxJXLy1D61Mtfry_dq9nbriBXgkPrdlBJ8ZRP50CyW3AsGD7wSuKp2mXxEYSzj64zelT1IGOwg6KG4Gz9BZ9YWs0GAHKUIdgqn1gzITX5aQljIXx1fquXbawd-axBTi4icmaUjgXjfnyIcWOgHd2D8A3kpKiqiMmluh58JdnwPnH0OyVk0Rk824P0PI6SxfiTHfkCglPL6ixf9OgokMLPoVrsxH5C0xt3Z7lf5TJ0F78-JY-yTKvyaTTIfI6CFOMNaZUlMtgQwq8X93_2FA65Ntw3hdDML8gFKkLUxnBAtZMo9WAjUd30G4OcYasmlkc4Q_JSNw'
 -d '{
    "removed": false
    }'  
```

### Restoring video in the dashboard

Visit the [Archived Videos](https://dashboard.api.video/videos) tab in the dashboard to restore videos one by one or in bulk. Simply select the videos you want to restore and then choose **Restore**.

### Retention period for Video Restore

The Video Restore feature retains videos for 90 days, after which the videos are permanently deleted. This period gives you time to restore accidentally deleted videos.

Visit the [dashboard](https://dashboard.api.video/account-settings/access) to enable this feature!

### Limitations

<Callout pad="2" type="warning">
Videos that are removed are not listed by the `GET /videos` operation unless you use the `?removed=true` query parameter.

Removed videos cannot be played. Restore the video first if you want to play it again.
</Callout>

Commit message:

Update naming and add /discarded endpoints

vod/delete-a-video.md, after:

---
title: Delete a video
meta:
    description: This guide walks you through the different ways of manually and programmatically removing videos and introduces the Video Restore feature.
---

# Delete A Video

This guide walks you through the different ways of manually and programmatically removing videos and introduces the Video Restore feature.

## API documentation

- [Delete a video](/reference/api/Videos#delete-a-video-object)

## Delete a video via API

1. Retrieve the video ID for the video you want to delete. You can do this by [listing your videos](/reference/api/Videos#list-all-video-objects), or you can look in your dashboard to find the ID of the video you want to delete.

2. Send a delete request to api.video containing the ID for the video you want to delete.

<CodeSelect title="Deleting a video">
```curl
curl --request DELETE \
     --url https://ws.api.video/videos/viZxSTFgXZVjFnFCUo363Ie \
     --header 'Accept: application/json' \
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiJ9.eyJpYXQiOjE2NDI1NDk1NjAuMDE5ODA0LCJuYmYiOjE2NDI1NDk1NjAuMDE5ODA0LCJleHAiOjE2NDI1NTMxNjAuMDE5ODA0LCJwcm9qZWN0SWQiOiJwclJ6SUpKQTdCTHNxSGpTNDVLVnBCMSJ9.jjr4YADGbe62RmBBxJXLy1D61Mtfry_dq9nbriBXgkPrdlBJ8ZRP50CyW3AsGD7wSuKp2mXxEYSzj64zelT1IGOwg6KG4Gz9BZ9YWs0GAHKUIdgqn1gzITX5aQljIXx1fquXbawd-axBTi4icmaUjgXjfnyIcWOgHd2D8A3kpKiqiMmluh58JdnwPnH0OyVk0Rk824P0PI6SxfiTHfkCglPL6ixf9OgokMLPoVrsxH5C0xt3Z7lf5TJ0F78-JY-yTKvyaTTIfI6CFOMNaZUlMtgQwq8X93_2FA65Ntw3hdDML8gFKkLUxnBAtZMo9WAjUd30G4OcYasmlkc4Q_JSNw'
```
```go
package main

import (
    "context"
    "fmt"
    "os"
    apivideosdk "github.com/apivideo/api.video-go-client"
)

func main() {
    client := apivideosdk.ClientBuilder("YOUR_API_TOKEN").Build()
    // if you rather like to use the sandbox environment:
    // client := apivideosdk.SandboxClientBuilder("YOU_SANDBOX_API_TOKEN").Build()
        
    videoId := "vi4k0jvEUuaTdRAEjQ4Jfrgz" // string | The video ID for the video you want to delete.

    
    err := client.Videos.Delete(videoId)

    if err != nil {
        fmt.Fprintf(os.Stderr, "Error when calling `Videos.Delete``: %v\n", err)
    }
}
```
```php
<?php
require __DIR__ .'/vendor/autoload.php';

use Symfony\Component\HttpClient\Psr18Client;
use ApiVideo\Client\Client;
use ApiVideo\Client\Model\VideosApi;

$apiKey = 'your API key here';
$apiVideoEndpoint = 'https://ws.api.video';

$httpClient = new \Symfony\Component\HttpClient\Psr18Client();
$client = new ApiVideo\Client\Client(
    $apiVideoEndpoint,
    $apiKey,
    $httpClient
);

$videos = $client->videos()->delete('video ID here');
```
```javascript
const ApiVideoClient = require('@api.video/nodejs-client');

(async () => {
    try {
        const client = new ApiVideoClient({ apiKey: "YOUR_API_TOKEN" });

        const videoId = 'vi4k0jvEUuaTdRAEjQ4Jfrgz'; // The video ID for the video you want to delete.

        // void
        const result = await client.videos.delete(videoId);
        console.log(result);
    } catch (e) {
        console.error(e);
    }
})();
```
```python
## Delete a video using its video ID
import apivideo
from apivideo.apis import VideosApi
from apivideo.exceptions import ApiAuthException

api_key = "your api key here"

client = apivideo.AuthenticatedApiClient(api_key)

## If you'd rather use the sandbox environment:
## client = apivideo.AuthenticatedApiClient(api_key, production=False)

client.connect()

videos_api = VideosApi(client)

title = "Sample AVI Video"

## List videos that have the exact, unique title you wanted to delete
videos = videos_api.list(title=title)

## Get list of videos out of response object or single item depending on whether you filtered
videos = videos['data']

## In this case, let's assume we know there's only one video with the title we filtered for. 
print(videos[0]['video_id'])
        
## Delete the video
response = videos_api.delete(videos[0]['video_id'])
print(response)
```
</CodeSelect>

## Delete a video in the dashboard

You can delete a video using your dashboard by doing the following:

1. Open your dashboard.

2. From the menu on the left, choose **Videos**.

3. On the Video screen, use the filtering and scrolling features to locate the video you want to delete. Place a checkmark next to one or more videos you want to delete, and push **Delete**.

   ![Showing the list of videos in the Dashboard](/_assets/vod/delete-video.png)

4. Keep in mind that deleted videos can only be restored when you have the Video Restore feature enabled. Otherwise videos are deleted permanently.

5. You can also select the breadcrumbs icon next to each video to open an actions panel where you can select **Delete**.

   ![Showing the action panel on the videos list in the Dashboard](/_assets/vod/delete-video-2.png)


## Restoring deleted videos

By default, deleting a video is a permanent action. To avoid accidents and enable you to restore deleted videos, api.video offers the [Video Restore](https://dashboard.api.video/account-settings/access) feature.

If you have the Video Restore feature enabled, the `DELETE` operation will temporarily discard the video instead of permanently deleting it.

You can restore discarded videos both via the API and the dashboard.

### Listing discarded videos

You can list discarded videos via the API using the `GET /discarded/videos` endpoint for all videos, and the `GET /discarded/videos/{videoId}` for a specific video. Visit the API reference for more details.

You can also see all your discarded videos on the [Archived Videos](https://dashboard.api.video/videos) tab in the dashboard.

### Restoring video via API

You can use the `PATCH /discarded/videos/{videoId}` operation to restore a video, with the `discarded` body parameter set to `false`:

```curl title="Restoring a video"
curl --request PATCH \
 --url https://ws.api.video/discarded/videos/viZxSTFgXZVjFnFCU \
 --header 'Accept: application/json' \
 --header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiJ9.eyJpYXQiOjE2NDI1NDk1NjAuMDE5ODA0LCJuYmYiOjE2NDI1NDk1NjAuMDE5ODA0LCJleHAiOjE2NDI1NTMxNjAuMDE5ODA0LCJwcm9qZWN0SWQiOiJwclJ6SUpKQTdCTHNxSGpTNDVLVnBCMSJ9.jjr4YADGbe62RmBBxJXLy1D61Mtfry_dq9nbriBXgkPrdlBJ8ZRP50CyW3AsGD7wSuKp2mXxEYSzj64zelT1IGOwg6KG4Gz9BZ9YWs0GAHKUIdgqn1gzITX5aQljIXx1fquXbawd-axBTi4icmaUjgXjfnyIcWOgHd2D8A3kpKiqiMmluh58JdnwPnH0OyVk0Rk824P0PI6SxfiTHfkCglPL6ixf9OgokMLPoVrsxH5C0xt3Z7lf5TJ0F78-JY-yTKvyaTTIfI6CFOMNaZUlMtgQwq8X93_2FA65Ntw3hdDML8gFKkLUxnBAtZMo9WAjUd30G4OcYasmlkc4Q_JSNw'
 -d '{
    "discarded": false
    }'  
```

### Restoring video in the dashboard

Visit the [Archived Videos](https://dashboard.api.video/videos) tab in the dashboard to restore videos one by one or in bulk. Simply select the videos you want to restore and then choose **Restore**.

### Retention period for Video Restore

The Video Restore feature retains videos for 90 days, after which the videos are permanently deleted. This period gives you time to restore accidentally discarded videos.

Visit the [dashboard](https://dashboard.api.video/account-settings/access) to enable this feature!

### Limitations

<Callout pad="2" type="warning">
Videos that are discarded are not listed by the `GET /videos`or `GET /videos/{videoId}`operations.

Discarded videos cannot be played. Restore the video first if you want to play it again.
</Callout>
