live-streaming/live-stream-best-practices.md, before:

---
title: List Live Streams
meta: 
    description: This guide explains how you can make the most of your live stream implementation using best practices at api.video.
---

# Live stream best practices

## Starting a live stream

- When a stream is starting it might take up to 30 seconds for the playback to start delivering.
- Before starting the stream, it is important to have an intro (static picture, countdown and etc) to the beginning of the stream that will allow users to connect before the stream starts.
- In order to prevent the live stream from getting stuck (buffering indefinitely), please ensure that you are following the recommended [settings](#recommended-setting-for-ingestion).
- Make sure to verify that the connection speed is adequate and stable before the stream is starting.

## DVR - reading history in live streams

When a live stream is ongoing, viewers can replay earlier content with the DVR feature. The available buffer is 1 hour, and is only available in live streams that are actively broadcasting.

When the stream ends, api.video stores the stream for another 4 to 5 minutes, subsequently ending the stream and disposing of the cached video.

## Ending the live stream

Make sure to use an outro (static picture, music and etc.) at the end of the stream for 30 seconds. This is a good way for users to indicate that the stream has ended.

When reaching the end of the playback, the player buffers until the live stream is deleted, which could take from 10 seconds to 5 minutes and could cause the live stream not to end properly even if you have stopped the broadcast.

## Connectivity loss reconnection

Reconnection is handled by api.video, however, an edge case might occur (very slim chance), which will result in the inability to reconnect to the stream with good quality. In this case, we recommend creating a manual stream reconnection, where the streamer will create a new streaming key while the consumers will have to refresh their player instance.


## Recommended setting for ingestion

Video codec: H.264  
Audio codec: AAC/MP3  
Bitrate encoding: CBR  
Keyframe Interval: 2 second

| Quality  | Framerate | Video bitrate              | Audio sample rate | Audio Bitrate |
| -------- | --------- | -------------------------- | ----------------- | ------------- |
| 240p     | 25-30 fps | 300-700 Kbps               | 44,1 kHz          | 64 Kbps       |
| 360p     | 25-30 fps | 400-1000 Kbps              | 44,1 kHz          | 128 Kbps      |
| 480p     | 25-30 fps | 500-2000 Kbps              | 44,1 kHz          | 128 Kbps      |
| 720p     | (30 fps)  | 25-30 fps 1500-4000 Kbps   | 44,1 kHz          | 128 Kbps      |
| 720p     | (60 fps)  | 60 fps 2250-6000 Kbps      | 44,1 kHz          | 128 Kbps      |
| 1080p    | (30 fps)  | 25-30 fps 3000-6000 Kbps   | 44,1 kHz          | 128 Kbps      |
| 1080p    | (60 fps)  | 60 fps 4500-9000 Kbps      | 44,1 kHz          | 128 Kbps      |
| 2160(4K) | (30 fps)  | 25-30 fps 13000-34000 Kbps | 44,1 kHz          | 192 Kbps      |
| 2160(4K) | (60 fps)  | 60 fps 20000-51000 Kbps    | 44,1 kHz          | 192 Kbps      |

## Limitations

{% capture content %}
* When using the sandbox environment, live streaming is limited to 24 hours.
* The **video codec must be H.264**
* The **audio codec must be AAC or MP3**
* DVR is exactly 1 hour
* During a disconnection on ingest side, re-connection must occur within 10 seconds
* When creating a new live event using the same `streamID` without keeping the DVR of a previous live, you must wait at least 5 minutes before re-using it
{% endcapture %}
{% include "_partials/callout.html" kind: "warning", content: content %}

Commit message:

Update live streaming docs with SRT

live-streaming/live-stream-best-practices.md, after:

---
title: List Live Streams
meta: 
    description: This guide explains how you can make the most of your live stream implementation using best practices at api.video.
---

# Live stream best practices

## Starting a live stream

- When a stream is starting it might take up to 30 seconds for the playback to start delivering.
- Before starting the stream, it is important to have an intro (static picture, countdown and etc) to the beginning of the stream that will allow users to connect before the stream starts.
- In order to prevent the live stream from getting stuck (buffering indefinitely), please ensure that you are following the recommended [settings](#recommended-setting-for-ingestion).
- Make sure to verify that the connection speed is adequate and stable before the stream is starting.

## Streaming protocols

api.video supports both `RTMP` and `SRT` protocols for live streaming. Accepting live streams through `SRT` **is currently in beta** - reach out if you have any questions or encounter any issues!

### SRT details

* The minimum accepted value for `latency` is 120 ms, lower values will be ignored.
* The required SRT protocol version should be **1.3 or higher** - check your broadcasting application to make sure it supports the correct version.

### Which protocol to use

Take network connection into consideration - if you or your users stream in stable conditions with a low risk of congestion, `RTMP` will probably achieve a better latency than `SRT`. If you or your users experience lots of buffering, or the network you use is known to be unstable, or network conditions may change like when using a mobile network, then `SRT` may be a good fit. 

Rembember that both protocols have their pros and cons - with bad network conditions, viewers might encounter buffering with `RTMP`, or they might encounter audio or visual glitches when using `SRT`.

## DVR - reading history in live streams

When a live stream is ongoing, viewers can replay earlier content with the DVR feature. The available buffer is 1 hour, and is only available in live streams that are actively broadcasting.

When the stream ends, api.video stores the stream for another 4 to 5 minutes, subsequently ending the stream and disposing of the cached video.

## Ending the live stream

Make sure to use an outro (static picture, music and etc.) at the end of the stream for 30 seconds. This is a good way for users to indicate that the stream has ended.

When reaching the end of the playback, the player buffers until the live stream is deleted, which could take from 10 seconds to 5 minutes and could cause the live stream not to end properly even if you have stopped the broadcast.

## Connectivity loss reconnection

Reconnection is handled by api.video, however, an edge case might occur (very slim chance), which will result in the inability to reconnect to the stream with good quality. In this case, we recommend creating a manual stream reconnection, where the streamer will create a new streaming key while the consumers will have to refresh their player instance.

## Streaming servers

| Protocol | Description                                | Server URL                                             |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| `RTMP`   | The default streaming server.              | `rtmp://broadcast.api.video/s`                         |
| `SRT`    | The `SRT` server, currently **in beta**.   | `srt://broadcast.api.video:6200?streamid={stream_key}` |

## Recommended setting for ingestion

Video codec: H.264  
Audio codec: AAC/MP3  
Bitrate encoding: CBR  
Keyframe Interval: 2 second

| Quality  | Framerate | Video bitrate              | Audio sample rate | Audio Bitrate |
| -------- | --------- | -------------------------- | ----------------- | ------------- |
| 240p     | 25-30 fps | 300-700 Kbps               | 44,1 kHz          | 64 Kbps       |
| 360p     | 25-30 fps | 400-1000 Kbps              | 44,1 kHz          | 128 Kbps      |
| 480p     | 25-30 fps | 500-2000 Kbps              | 44,1 kHz          | 128 Kbps      |
| 720p     | (30 fps)  | 25-30 fps 1500-4000 Kbps   | 44,1 kHz          | 128 Kbps      |
| 720p     | (60 fps)  | 60 fps 2250-6000 Kbps      | 44,1 kHz          | 128 Kbps      |
| 1080p    | (30 fps)  | 25-30 fps 3000-6000 Kbps   | 44,1 kHz          | 128 Kbps      |
| 1080p    | (60 fps)  | 60 fps 4500-9000 Kbps      | 44,1 kHz          | 128 Kbps      |
| 2160(4K) | (30 fps)  | 25-30 fps 13000-34000 Kbps | 44,1 kHz          | 192 Kbps      |
| 2160(4K) | (60 fps)  | 60 fps 20000-51000 Kbps    | 44,1 kHz          | 192 Kbps      |

## Limitations

{% capture content %}
* When using the sandbox environment, live streaming is limited to 24 hours.
* The **video codec must be H.264**
* The **audio codec must be AAC or MP3**
* DVR is exactly 1 hour
* During a disconnection on ingest side, re-connection must occur within 10 seconds
* When creating a new live event using the same `streamID` without keeping the DVR of a previous live, you must wait at least 5 minutes before re-using it
{% endcapture %}
{% include "_partials/callout.html" kind: "warning", content: content %}
